## 2.0.0 (2024-06-20)

### Enhancements

* `Set-IISCertificate` (formerly `Set-IISCertificateNew`) now supports additional SSL binding flags on newer versions of Windows including:
  * DisableHTTP2
  * DisableOCSPStapling
  * DisableQUIC
  * DisableTLS13
  * DisableLegacyTLS
* Documentation Revamp
  * https://docs.dvolve.net/Posh-ACME.Deploy/ is a new dedicated website for module documentation. The site is currently generated using the Markdown files in the `docs` folder in the main project repository by [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/). So it should now be easier to contribute fixes and updates.
  * The native module help is now also generated by [platyPS](https://github.com/PowerShell/platyPS) from the Markdown files in `docs/Functions`.
  * `Get-Help <function name> -Online` should now open your browser to the appropriate page on the documentation site.

### Breaking Changes

* `Set-IISCertificateNew` (which relies on the `IISAdministration` module) has been renamed to `Set-IISCertificate`. An alias for `Set-IISCertificateNew` is still included so scripts referencing it should not break. But users are encouraged to update their scripts to the non-alias name.
* `Set-IISCertificate` (which relies on the legacy `WebAdministration` module) has been deprecated and renamed to `Set-IISCertificateOld`. The new `Set-IISCertificate` includes a superset of the old parameters. So scripts don't necessarily need to change. However, the new function is dependent on having version 1.1.0.0 or later of the `IISAdministration` module installed. It is recommended to install the necessary module and validate the new function works. Alternatively, scripts can also be updated to use the old function while it remains in the module.


## 1.6.0 (2023-01-23)

* Set-IISCertificateNew now accepts a string array for the `-HostHeader` param which will create bindings for each value instead of needing to call the function multiple times. (#23)
* Set-NPSCertificate now has a `-PolicyXPath` parameter which can be used instead of `-PolicyName` to apply the certificate to all matching policies in the XPath statement. (#24)

## 1.5.0 (2022-03-07)

* Set-NPSCertificate now supports both PEAP and EAP-TLS (Thanks @amorrowbellarmine)

## 1.4.0 (2022-01-06)

* Added `Set-IISCertificateNew` which was actually added in 1.3.0 but missed in the release notes. This should functions the same as the existing `Set-IISCertificate` function but is dependent on the IISAdministration module instead of the legacy WebAdministration module and should work on PowerShell 6+. However, it requires at least version 1.1.0.0 of the IISAdministration module which is distributed from powershellgallery.com.
  * Using this function will also work around issue #8 which involves errors for sites with uncommon characters in their names.
* Added `Set-RASSTPCertificate` which can be used to set the certificate for the Remote Access SSTP service. (Thanks @markpizz)
* The `CertThumbprint` parameter is no longer mandatory in the various public functions when `PfxFile` is specified. The thumprint will be read directly from the cert in the PFX if necessary. (#13)
* Improvements and fixes for `Set-ExchangeCertificate` involving old cert removal and cert replacement on renewal. (#19) (Thanks @markpizz)
* Fixed regression in `Set-ExchangeCertificate` from (#16) (Thanks @markpizz)
* Added support in private functions for cert management in locations/stores other than LocalMachine\My.

## 1.3.0 (2021-07-26)

* Added Set-NPSCertificate

## 1.2.0 (2020-10-15)

* Added Set-IISFTPCertificate

## 1.1.0 (2020-06-24)

* Added Set-ExchangeCertificate

## 1.0.0 (2019-12-13)

* Initial Release
* Added functions
  * Set-IISCertificate
  * Set-RDGWCertificate
  * Set-RDSHCertificate
  * Set-WinRMCertificate
